Taxonomic trees were generated with the graphlan tool (v0.9.7) (https://huttenhower.sph.harvard.edu/graphlan). The taxonomic lineage information for all the 84 bacterial species identified in our samples was downloaded from the NCBI Taxonomy database with the efetch program from NCBI e-utilities. Trees were annotated with information about the library size, 3-nt periodicity, preferred ribosome protection frame and presence of enzyme annotations for each genus (Supplementary data 1). The library size equaled the maximum number of mRNA reads per species per sample, brought to the range of 0 to 1 (≥1M reads) reads. The 3-nt periodicity was computed taking into account the absolute value of Fast Fourier transform (FFT) signal for the 3-nt periodicity wave and the preference for ribosome protection frame, as computed by the fivepseq package. For FFT, the maximum of the signals for transcripts aligned either at the start or at the end was taken. The preference for ribosome protection frame was assessed based on the value of frame protection index (FPI), computed by the fivepseq package as 2∗Fi/(∑j=02Fj− Fi), for each frame Fi. The frame with maximum absolute FPI value was regarded as (mis)preferred, and the significance of the preference was assessed based on t-test p value comparing counts in the given frame with the other two combined (the FPI and p values are found in the frame_stats.txt file of the fivepseq output). A positive FPI value means that one of the nucleotides in each codon on average has higher counts (is preferred), while a negative FPI value means that one of the nucleotides on average has low counts (is misprefered), while the other two nucleotides receive more counts. E.g. if F1 is preferred, it will have positive FPI value and will be highlighted in the tree as a single preferred frame of protection, while if say F2 is (mis)preferred (has a negative FPI value), the tree will highlight F0 and F1 as the frames of preference. The FFT and FPI values were brought to the range of 0 to 1, and the maximum of the two values was taken to describe the strength of 3nt-periodicity. Enzyme annotations were obtained from the EggNOG database (v5.0) 67 The presence of each enzyme in each genus was counted as a number between 0 and 1, depending on the fraction of species within the genus annotated with the enzyme. The tree highlights these values with corresponding opacity.

The shell script to generate the image file is the *src/myspecies_2022.sh* file that takes as input the *annot/myannotR_2022.txt* annotation file and the *data/my.species_2022.txt* file describing the taxonomic structure of the data. 

The *annot/REAMDE.md* file explains how the annotation file has been generated and the *annot* directory provides the corresponding source data and scripts. 
