p_Verrucomicrobia.c_Verrucomicrobiae.o_Verrucomicrobiales.f_Akkermansiaceae.g_Akkermansia.s_Akkermansia muciniphila
p_Bacteroidetes.c_Bacteroidia.o_Bacteroidales.f_Rikenellaceae.g_Alistipes.s_Alistipes finegoldii
p_Bacteroidetes.c_Bacteroidia.o_Bacteroidales.f_Rikenellaceae.g_Alistipes.s_Alistipes finegoldii
p_Bacteroidetes.c_Bacteroidia.o_Bacteroidales.f_Rikenellaceae.g_Alistipes.s_Alistipes obesi
p_Bacteroidetes.c_Bacteroidia.o_Bacteroidales.f_Rikenellaceae.g_Alistipes.s_Alistipes putredinis
p_Bacteroidetes.c_Bacteroidia.o_Bacteroidales.f_Rikenellaceae.g_Alistipes.s_Alistipes shahii
p_Firmicutes.c_Negativicutes.o_Veillonellales.f_Veillonellaceae.g_Anaeroglobus.s_Anaeroglobus geminatus
p_Firmicutes.c_Clostridia.o_Eubacteriales.f_Lachnospiraceae.g_Anaerostipes.s_Anaerostipes caccae
p_Actinobacteria.c_Coriobacteriia.o_Coriobacteriales.f_Atopobiaceae.g_Atopobium.s_Atopobium vaginae
p_Firmicutes.c_Bacilli.o_Bacillales.f_Bacillaceae.g_Bacillus.s_Bacillus amyloliquefaciens
p_Firmicutes.c_Bacilli.o_Bacillales.f_Bacillaceae.g_Bacillus.s_Bacillus subtilis
p_Firmicutes.c_Bacilli.o_Bacillales.f_Bacillaceae.g_Bacillus.s_Bacillus subtilis
p_Bacteroidetes.c_Bacteroidia.o_Bacteroidales.f_Bacteroidaceae.g_Bacteroides.s_Bacteroides caccae
p_Bacteroidetes.c_Bacteroidia.o_Bacteroidales.f_Bacteroidaceae.g_Bacteroides.s_Bacteroides cellulosilyticus
p_Bacteroidetes.c_Bacteroidia.o_Bacteroidales.f_Bacteroidaceae.g_Bacteroides.s_Bacteroides coprocola
p_Bacteroidetes.c_Bacteroidia.o_Bacteroidales.f_Bacteroidaceae.g_Bacteroides.s_Bacteroides coprophilus
p_Bacteroidetes.c_Bacteroidia.o_Bacteroidales.f_Bacteroidaceae.g_Bacteroides.s_Bacteroides faecichinchillae
p_Bacteroidetes.c_Bacteroidia.o_Bacteroidales.f_Bacteroidaceae.g_Bacteroides.s_Bacteroides fluxus
p_Bacteroidetes.c_Bacteroidia.o_Bacteroidales.f_Bacteroidaceae.g_Bacteroides.s_Bacteroides fragilis
p_Bacteroidetes.c_Bacteroidia.o_Bacteroidales.f_Bacteroidaceae.g_Bacteroides.s_Bacteroides ovatus
p_Bacteroidetes.c_Bacteroidia.o_Bacteroidales.f_Bacteroidaceae.g_Bacteroides.s_Bacteroides plebeius
p_Bacteroidetes.c_Bacteroidia.o_Bacteroidales.f_Bacteroidaceae.g_Bacteroides.s_Bacteroides salanitronis
p_Bacteroidetes.c_Bacteroidia.o_Bacteroidales.f_Bacteroidaceae.g_Bacteroides.s_Bacteroides salyersiae
p_Bacteroidetes.c_Bacteroidia.o_Bacteroidales.f_Bacteroidaceae.g_Bacteroides.s_Bacteroides stercoris
p_Bacteroidetes.c_Bacteroidia.o_Bacteroidales.f_Bacteroidaceae.g_Bacteroides.s_Bacteroides thetaiotaomicron
p_Bacteroidetes.c_Bacteroidia.o_Bacteroidales.f_Bacteroidaceae.g_Bacteroides.s_Bacteroides uniformis
p_Bacteroidetes.c_Bacteroidia.o_Bacteroidales.f_Bacteroidaceae.g_Bacteroides.s_Bacteroides ovatus
p_Proteobacteria.c_Deltaproteobacteria.o_Desulfovibrionales.f_Desulfovibrionaceae.g_Bilophila.s_Bilophila wadsworthia
p_Proteobacteria.c_Alphaproteobacteria.o_Caulobacterales.f_Caulobacteraceae.g_Caulobacter.s_Caulobacter vibrioides
p_Firmicutes.c_Clostridia.o_Eubacteriales.f_Clostridiaceae.g_Clostridium.s_Clostridium butyricum
p_Firmicutes.c_Clostridia.o_Clostridiales.f_Clostridiaceae.g_Clostridium.s_Clostridium phoceensis
p_Firmicutes.c_Clostridia.o_Eubacteriales.f_Clostridiaceae.g_Clostridium.s_Clostridium tyrobutyricum
p_Actinobacteria.c_Coriobacteriia.o_Coriobacteriales.f_Coriobacteriaceae.g_Collinsella.s_Collinsella aerofaciens
p_Bacteroidetes.c_Bacteroidia.o_Bacteroidales.f_Bacteroidaceae.g_Coprobacter.s_Coprobacter fastidiosus
p_Firmicutes.c_Clostridia.o_Clostridiales.f_Lachnospiraceae.g_Coprococcus.s_Coprococcus comes
p_Bacteroidetes.c_Bacteroidia.o_Bacteroidales.f_Odoribacteraceae.g_Culturomica.s_Culturomica massiliensis
p_Proteobacteria.c_Deltaproteobacteria.o_Desulfovibrionales.f_Desulfovibrionaceae.g_Desulfovibrio.s_Desulfovibrio fairfieldensis
p_Firmicutes.c_Clostridia.o_Clostridiales.f_Lachnospiraceae.g_Dorea.s_Dorea formicigenerans
p_Firmicutes.c_Clostridia.o_Clostridiales.f_Lachnospiraceae.g_Dorea.s_Dorea formicigenerans
p_Firmicutes.c_Clostridia.o_Clostridiales.f_Lachnospiraceae.g_Dorea.s_Dorea longicatena
p_Firmicutes.c_Clostridia.o_Eubacteriales.f_Lachnospiraceae.g_Enterocloster.s_Enterocloster bolteae
p_Firmicutes.c_Clostridia.o_Eubacteriales.f_Lachnospiraceae.g_Enterocloster.s_Enterocloster citroniae
p_Firmicutes.c_Bacilli.o_Lactobacillales.f_Enterococcaceae.g_Enterococcus.s_Enterococcus devriesei
p_Firmicutes.c_Bacilli.o_Lactobacillales.f_Enterococcaceae.g_Enterococcus.s_Enterococcus faecalis
p_Firmicutes.c_Bacilli.o_Lactobacillales.f_Enterococcaceae.g_Enterococcus.s_Enterococcus faecium
p_Firmicutes.c_Erysipelotrichia.o_Erysipelotrichales.f_Erysipelotrichaceae.g_Erysipelatoclostridium.s_[Clostridium] innocuum
p_Firmicutes.c_Erysipelotrichia.o_Erysipelotrichales.f_Erysipelotrichaceae.g_Erysipelatoclostridium.s_[Clostridium] saccharogumia
p_Proteobacteria.c_Gammaproteobacteria.o_Enterobacterales.f_Enterobacteriaceae.g_Escherichia.s_Escherichia coli
p_Proteobacteria.c_Gammaproteobacteria.o_Enterobacterales.f_Enterobacteriaceae.g_Escherichia.s_Escherichia coli
p_Firmicutes.c_Clostridia.o_Clostridiales.f_Eubacteriaceae.g_Eubacterium.s_Eubacterium ventriosum
p_Firmicutes.c_Clostridia.o_Clostridiales.f_Ruminococcaceae.g_Faecalibacterium.s_Faecalibacterium prausnitzii
p_Bacteroidetes.c_Flavobacteriia.o_Flavobacteriales.f_Flavobacteriaceae.g_Flavobacterium.s_Flavobacterium johnsoniae
p_Bacteroidetes.c_Flavobacteriia.o_Flavobacteriales.f_Flavobacteriaceae.g_Flavobacterium.s_Flavobacterium saccharophilum
p_Firmicutes.c_Clostridia.o_Eubacteriales.f_Oscillospiraceae.g_Flavonifractor.s_Flavonifractor plautii
p_Firmicutes.c_Clostridia.o_Clostridiales.f_Lachnospiraceae.g_Fusicatenibacter.s_Fusicatenibacter saccharivorans
p_Actinobacteria.c_Actinobacteria.o_Bifidobacteriales.f_Bifidobacteriaceae.g_Gardnerella.s_Gardnerella vaginalis
p_Cyanobacteria.c_-.o_Synechococcales.f_Merismopediaceae.g_Geminocystis.s_unclassified Synechocystis
p_Firmicutes.c_Clostridia.o_Clostridiales.f_Ruminococcaceae.g_Gemmiger.s_Gemmiger formicilis
p_Firmicutes.c_Clostridia.o_Eubacteriales.f_Clostridiaceae.g_Hungatella.s_Hungatella hathewayi
p_Firmicutes.c_Clostridia.o_Clostridiales.f_unclassified Clostridiales   .g_Intestinimonas.s_Intestinimonas butyriciproducens
p_Firmicutes.c_Clostridia.o_Eubacteriales.f_Lachnospiraceae.g_Lachnoclostridium.s_[Clostridium] symbiosum
p_Firmicutes.c_Bacilli.o_Lactobacillales.f_Lactobacillaceae.g_Lactobacillus.s_Lactobacillus crispatus
p_Firmicutes.c_Bacilli.o_Lactobacillales.f_Lactobacillaceae.g_Lactobacillus.s_Lactobacillus fermentum
p_Firmicutes.c_Bacilli.o_Lactobacillales.f_Lactobacillaceae.g_Lactobacillus.s_Lactobacillus iners
p_Firmicutes.c_Bacilli.o_Lactobacillales.f_Lactobacillaceae.g_Lactobacillus.s_Lactobacillus plantarum
p_Firmicutes.c_Bacilli.o_Lactobacillales.f_Lactobacillaceae.g_Lactobacillus.s_Lactobacillus reuteri
p_Firmicutes.c_Bacilli.o_Lactobacillales.f_Streptococcaceae.g_Lactococcus.s_Lactococcus lactis
p_Verrucomicrobia.c_Opitutae.o_Opitutales.f_Opitutaceae.g_Lacunisphaera.s_Lacunisphaera limnophila
p_Firmicutes.c_Bacilli.o_Bacillales.f_Listeriaceae.g_Listeria.s_Listeria monocytogenes
p_Bacteroidetes.c_Bacteroidia.o_Bacteroidales.f_Bacteroidaceae.g_Mediterranea.s_Mediterranea massiliensis
p_Firmicutes.c_Negativicutes.o_Veillonellales.f_Veillonellaceae.g_Megasphaera.s_Megasphaera genomosp type_1
p_Actinobacteria.c_Actinobacteria.o_Micrococcales.f_Microbacteriaceae.g_Microbacterium.s_Microbacterium barkeri
p_Firmicutes.c_Clostridia.o_Eubacteriales.f_Eubacteriales incertae sedis.g_Mogibacterium.s_Mogibacterium timidum
p_Bacteroidetes.c_Sphingobacteriia.o_Sphingobacteriales.f_Sphingobacteriaceae.g_Mucilaginibacter.s_Mucilaginibacter gossypiicola
p_Bacteroidetes.c_Bacteroidia.o_Bacteroidales.f_Odoribacteraceae.g_Odoribacter.s_Odoribacter splanchnicus
p_Bacteroidetes.c_Bacteroidia.o_Bacteroidales.f_Tannerellaceae.g_Parabacteroides.s_Parabacteroides distasonis
p_Bacteroidetes.c_Bacteroidia.o_Bacteroidales.f_Tannerellaceae.g_Parabacteroides.s_Parabacteroides goldsteinii
p_Bacteroidetes.c_Bacteroidia.o_Bacteroidales.f_Tannerellaceae.g_Parabacteroides.s_Parabacteroides distasonis
p_Bacteroidetes.c_Bacteroidia.o_Bacteroidales.f_Tannerellaceae.g_Parabacteroides.s_Parabacteroides merdae
p_Bacteroidetes.c_Bacteroidia.o_Bacteroidales.f_Prevotellaceae.g_Prevotella.s_Prevotella amnii
p_Bacteroidetes.c_Bacteroidia.o_Bacteroidales.f_Prevotellaceae.g_Prevotella.s_Prevotella bivia
p_Bacteroidetes.c_Bacteroidia.o_Bacteroidales.f_Prevotellaceae.g_Prevotella.s_Prevotella buccalis
p_Bacteroidetes.c_Bacteroidia.o_Bacteroidales.f_Prevotellaceae.g_Prevotella.s_Prevotella timonensis
p_Proteobacteria.c_Gammaproteobacteria.o_Pseudomonadales.f_Pseudomonadaceae.g_Pseudomonas.s_Pseudomonas protegens
p_Proteobacteria.c_Gammaproteobacteria.o_Pseudomonadales.f_Pseudomonadaceae.g_Pseudomonas.s_Pseudomonas fluorescens
p_Proteobacteria.c_Gammaproteobacteria.o_Pseudomonadales.f_Pseudomonadaceae.g_Pseudomonas.s_Pseudomonas aeruginosa
p_Firmicutes.c_Clostridia.o_Eubacteriales.f_Eubacteriaceae.g_Pseudoramibacter.s_Pseudoramibacter alactolyticus
p_Proteobacteria.c_Gammaproteobacteria.o_Xanthomonadales.f_Rhodanobacteraceae.g_Rhodanobacter.s_Rhodanobacter fulvus
p_Firmicutes.c_Clostridia.o_Clostridiales.f_Peptostreptococcaceae.g_Romboutsia.s_Romboutsia timonensis
p_Firmicutes.c_Clostridia.o_Clostridiales.f_Lachnospiraceae.g_Roseburia.s_Roseburia hominis
p_Firmicutes.c_Clostridia.o_Clostridiales.f_Lachnospiraceae.g_Roseburia.s_Roseburia inulinivorans
p_Firmicutes.c_Clostridia.o_Clostridiales.f_Ruminococcaceae.g_Ruthenibacterium.s_Ruthenibacterium lactatiformans
p_Proteobacteria.c_Gammaproteobacteria.o_Enterobacterales.f_Enterobacteriaceae.g_Salmonella.s_Salmonella enterica
p_Fusobacteria.c_Fusobacteriia.o_Fusobacteriales.f_Leptotrichiaceae.g_Sneathia.s_Sneathia sanguinegens
p_Firmicutes.c_Bacilli.o_Bacillales.f_Staphylococcaceae.g_Staphylococcus.s_Staphylococcus aureus
p_Firmicutes.c_Bacilli.o_Lactobacillales.f_Streptococcaceae.g_Streptococcus.s_Streptococcus anginosus
p_Firmicutes.c_Bacilli.o_Lactobacillales.f_Streptococcaceae.g_Streptococcus.s_Streptococcus salivarius
p_Firmicutes.c_Bacilli.o_Lactobacillales.f_Streptococcaceae.g_Streptococcus.s_Streptococcus thermophilus
p_Tenericutes.c_Mollicutes.o_Mycoplasmatales.f_Mycoplasmataceae.g_Ureaplasma.s_Ureaplasma parvum
